>> Bianca Gandolfo: Let's retrieve,
so, we wanna pass the key.
And it's gonna return
the value associated with it.
Okay.
So, we want to get the index from the key.
So we have the key,
we wanna look up the index by passing
it to the hashing function, okay?
And then we need to delete it.
So, the thing here is if
we have a collision and
the scenario is that we
have something like this.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We need to loop.
And so this is where, am I retrieving?
Yeah.
So this is where the question starts
to be, okay, so if we have these
collisions and we're adding all of
these items into the same index and
then if we need to find something,
we just loop through that index, right?
The array of arrays,
we just loop until we find it.
Doesn't that make this linear time?
Why would I say hash tables
are always constant?
Well, we think of hash tables as constant
because on average,
with things like resizing,
in really good hashing algorithms,
it's pretty much like a moot point.
Like it's so rare that you would have
everything hashed to the same index.
My hash function is stupid but
the real has function that people
are using are very complex and
they manage like distribution and
stuff like that, depending on the type
of data, there's different ones.
So this is called
amortized time complexity.
So we kind of like spread it out and
think of it in terms of adverse
case when the worst case is so
unlikely that it's not useful to
think about, does that make sense?
So yeah, if suddenly, we know we do c3,
d4 and we keep going,
going, going and
it's all in this third index and
then we wanna find one of these, yeah,
we're gonna be looping through and
that's a linear time operation
that would happen in
a very rare circumstance,
so, something to know.
Something to note.
Okay.
So what we're gonna do,
we retrieving keys, so
we got the index, so,
let's say we want to say if.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So if this strong,
got to be strong if this.storage.
So if this.storage[index],
so if it exists,
then we want to return our value.
So we can loop through, we can reduce
over it, we can just go create but
we're gonna need to loop.
So this.storage[index] is gonna be,
should we for each?
What kinda loop is the best?
So we're just gonna loop through it,
we're gonna find the value,
we wanna return is, so if you wanna
return, probably for each isn't the best.
It's not really good for returning things.
Why don't we, we mapped it,
then it wouldn't be an array.
We don't really want it to be an array.
We could reduce it but reduce is kind
of overly complicated for what we need.
Also, it's really hard to stop the loop.
So I think I'm just gonna be old school.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So now we're looping
through all of, so let's just make this,
what do we wanna call like
this internal array here?
Like maybe.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Or
I'm gonna put array in that word for sure.
Let's see.
All right, arrayAtIndex.
That's what we're doing, okay?
Okay.
If you guys come up with a better name,
let me know.
That's what I got right now in my head.
So, for this arrayAtIndex,
we're gonna loop
trough it and if (arrayAtIndex[i]), so
the very first time we
loop through this array,
we're gonna get this value, this array.
The second time we loop through,
we're gonna get this one.
So, this is gonna be, if I said type
of arrayAtIndex, it's also going to be
an array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So, let's see.
So we could say, if you could just see my
natural typing, I always just type var,
I'm too used to it.
What do we want to do?
I'm gonna say keyValueArray.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
we have our key value.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So if our
keyValueArray, so
our very first value is the key.
So we want to say if our keyValueArray,
this value equals the key,
right, not the value because we
can't look up an object for a value.
We can only look up an object for
the particular key.
In any case, we only know the key.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So, === are key,
then you wanna return keyValueArray[1],
which is our value.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And hopefully,
you only have to loop through this once or
twice.
And that your collisions aren't so
deep that this is going on
forever.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right,
do I have any edge cases?
>> Speaker 2: Are there
such a thing as like collisions
within a collision kind of thing?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So, you mean like
if you try to add to the same keys?
>> Speaker 2: Maybe that's
what I mean.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So,
we have a collision for this index three.
And then we need to push, right?
What if, I just found a bug actually,
now that we're talking about it,
what if we do this?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That wouldn't
work because we can't have a duplicate.
So, when we are pushing,
we also need to make sure that we
don't have another value here.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So, let's see.
So, if storage index and
then, so we can do TODO,
TODO loop through,
all right and
find if key was already inserted.
Does that make sense?
So if we insert B twice, we don't
wanna have two arrays for B, we need
to update the value of B of the first B.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We're
not gonna have time to implement it.
But that's what needs to be done.